feat: remove support plans from limit pages (#1423)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/cache/limits.mdx

# Momento Cache service quotas

:::info

> These limits can be adjusted. If you would like to request an increase, please [contact sales](https://www.gomomento.com/contact-us).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These limits can be adjusted. Before requesting an increase, please ensure that your account has [a registered payment method](https://console.gomomento.com/account/payment). You can then request an increase by [contacting us](https://www.gomomento.com/contact-us).
```
